# scRNAseq-Analysis
A repository containing the raw data, processed data, figure outputs and code used on our projects scRNA sequencing Data. 

The code has been written in a way that is in line with how previous scRNA sequencing analysis work has been carried out in other projects. In order to improve the ability of this code to be utilizied in the future, a larger degree of modularity has been added in order for it to be usable on other datasets. There is some areas that are hardcoded and would require edits to the script to alter the filtering used, such as in the processing stages, cell typing and conditioning. Automation was added to the final analsysis script through the use of terminal execution. By setting the correct working directory in the terminal, and executing an argument to call the analysis script followed by the name (without the .csv) of a conditioned dataset, a GSEA, GO and Volcano plot will attempt to be generated. If the dataset does not contain genes within the GOBP geneset then they will likely fail to produce any figures. However, if this is used on any subtyped immune set looking at immune function and activation genes, then the analysis should be successful. If the dataset does not contain enough genes (often an issue with upregulation conditions if there are only a couple upregulated genes) then the output will again likely fail.

By looking through the processed data and the figures, you will get an idea of what produces a useful and robust analysis and what doesn't. For example, the alpha_unstim.csv produces the best analysis due to its clear activation profile.
